hi everyone so this video is all about
fast time I'm going to let you guys know
what our bath time routine is and I want
to know what yours is too so comment
below and let me know what you do
different let you do the same and I'd
love to read that in our house
bath time comes right after dinner time
because usually my son is covered in
whatever food we are having for dinner
that night so we take the two kids in
here we put them in the tub together and
we use the Johnsons bedtime bath wet
lavender that's clinically proven to
help baby sleep better and we use that
on my son's hair and body the other
Johnsons soap that we like is the
head-to-toe body wash lately to my son
have a cold so we've been using I wanted
to get the Johnson soothing vapor bath
and I went to the store and I compared
it to the store brand and the
ingredients were the same so we got the
CVS brand soothing baby bath and we use
this only once so far but it seemed like
it worked
it smells like Vicks VapoRub so like
really strong like that so it seems like
it'll really help clear up the
congestion and he's been having with my
daughter who's three and has long hair
for her hair we use this swab two-in-one
shampoo smoothers and this I like
because it smells really good
it's - you're free which you need and
it's also detangling so we like that um
then you know we wash them then we let
them play in there for a while they got
all their tub toys and stuff when they
come out we dry them off one at a time
obviously but we just use big adult
towels you wrap them all up in there so
they're all covered we use the little
baby towels with the hood when they were
little
but they don't cover anything anymore so
we use big towels and we use on them
Johnson's baby lotion um all over this
stuff this smells so good I mean
everyone knows that baby lotion smells
like butt I love the smell that I'll use
on me sometimes um then in my um baby
medicine cabinet video I was talking
about how my daughter had eczema when
she was a baby and how we haven't had a
problem since then since she was little
and I shouldn't smoke so soon because
now on the back of her leg she's
starting an eczema again like the
redness and stuff so we have to put the
cortisone on the back of her legs after
bath time before bedtime just a little
bit then we put dry I'm off to get them
dressed and we put the lights leaper CD
pajamas on both of them with the weather
getting cooler now my daughter I was
putting just the regular long sleeves
long pants pajamas on her but then I got
her a pair of these all in one with the
feet pajamas and she loves them and
that's what she asked for and I like
them because they keep her all covered I
know she's gonna be warm all night and
the other thing is with my daughter's
hair we spray on this Breck kids spray
on detangler before we brush her hair
and we've been letting her hair just air
dry before bed probably now with the
weather getting cooler we got to blow
dry it before bed to make sure it's nice
and dry and that's it then we go into
the rest of their bedtime routine given
their vitamins brush their teeth and put
them to bed and that's our little
routine like I said I want to know what
you guys do so let me know and I will
see you next time bye